docs: add release notes for 0.23.0 (#7058)
determined-ai/determined: docs/release-notes.rst

 Release Notes
###############

**************
 Version 0.23
**************

Version 0.23.0
==============

**Release Date:** June 05, 2023

**Breaking Changes**

> -  Remove HDFS checkpoint storage support, which has been deprecated since 0.21.1 (April, 2023).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Remove HDFS checkpoint storage support, which has been deprecated since 0.21.1 (April 2023).
```

> -  Kubernetes: When a pod spec is specified in both ``task_container_defaults`` and in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Kubernetes: When a pod spec is specified in both ``task_container_defaults`` and the
```

   experiment/job configuration, the pod spec is merged according to `strategic merge patch
   <https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/manage-kubernetes-objects/update-api-object-kubectl-patch/#use-a-strategic-merge-patch-to-update-a-deployment>`__.
   The previous behavior was using only the experiment/job configuration if supplied.

> -  CLI: `det notebook|tensorboard start` commands no longer block for the whole life cycle of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  CLI: The ``det notebook|tensorboard start`` commands no longer block for the whole life cycle of the
```
and the same backticks in other places. I would appreciate if you would take a moment to look over the rendered docs and look for common edits such as that before putting up the PR.

>    Notebook or the TensorBoard process. These will also not stream related event logs. Users should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   notebook or TensorBoard process. They will also not stream related event logs. Users should
```

   use the existing `det notebook|tensorboard|task logs` commands to stream logs from the process.

> -  Python SDK: Remove packages ``determined-cli``, ``determined-common``, and ``determined-deploy``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Python SDK: Remove the packages ``determined-cli``, ``determined-common``, and ``determined-deploy``,
```
I suppose moving "packages" to the front is a reasonable change, at least.

Author: Adding "the" sounds weird to me though, but English is not my first language anyway.

>    which were deprecated in 0.15.0 (April 2021). The sub-modules ``determined.cli``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   which were deprecated in 0.15.0 (April 2021). The submodules ``determined.cli``,
```
See https://docs.python.org/3/reference/import.html and https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/modules.html for usage reference.

>    ``determined.common``, and ``determined.deploy`` should be used instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ``determined.common``, and ``determined.deploy`` of the ``determined`` package should be used instead.
```
Gotta say what they're submodules of. I mean, it's obvious enough, but the sentence is just structurally incomplete without it.

**New Features**

> -  Experiment: Custom Hyper Parameter Searchers (``determined/harness/searcher``) can include extra

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Experiment: :ref:`Custom hyperparameter searchers <topic-guides_hp-tuning-det_custom>` can include extra
```

   directories to pass into the ``client.create_experiment`` context.

-  Checkpoints: Add support for deleting a subset of files from checkpoints.

>    The CLI command ``det checkpoint rm uuid1,uuuid2 --glob deleteDir1/** --glob deleteDir2`` has
>    been added to remove all files in checkpoints specified that match at least one glob provided.
> 
>    The SDK method :meth:`determined.experimental.client.Checkpoint.remove_files` has been added to
>    delete files matching a list of globs provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The SDK method :meth:`determined.experimental.client.Checkpoint.remove_files` has been added to
   delete files matching a list of globs provided. The CLI command ``det checkpoint rm uuid1,uuuid2
   --glob 'deleteDir1/**' --glob deleteDir2`` provides access to this method.
```

-  AWS and GCP: Add `launch_error_timeout` and `launch_error_retries` provider configuration
   options.

   -  `launch_error_timeout`: Duration for which a provisioning error is valid. Tasks that are
      unschedulable in the existing cluster may be canceled. After the timeout period, the error
      state is reset. Defaults to `0s`.

   -  `launch_error_retries`: Number of retries to allow before registering a provider provisioning

>       error with `launch_error_timeout`` duration. Defaults to `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      error. Defaults to ``0``.
```

> -  Support for DeepSpeed Autotune
> 
>    -  DeepSpeed experiments can now be wrapped with the `determined.pytorch.dsat` module to
>       automatically tune its distributed training hyperparameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  DeepSpeed experiments can now be wrapped with the ``determined.pytorch.dsat`` module to
   automatically tune their distributed training hyperparameters.
```

> -  API: GetExperiments(archived = False) no longer lists experiments from archived projects or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  API: ``GetExperiments(archived=False)`` no longer lists experiments from archived projects or
```

>    workspaces. That applies to both the Web UI and the CLI. Unarchived projects and workspaces are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   workspaces. This change affects both the WebUI and the CLI. Unarchived projects and workspaces are
```

   not affected.

**Improvements**

-  CLI: ``det user list`` will not display the Admin column when RBAC is enabled.

> -  Checkpoints: in checkpoint-related views and APIs, the previously hidden file ``metadata.json``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Checkpoints: In checkpoint-related views and APIs, the previously hidden file ``metadata.json``
```
